 27. Create a tuple with some integer value and find the element with the
highest number of counts in it.

28.  Write a program that prints absolute value, square root of a number
(using math module).

29. Create a set phonebook1 and phonebook2 and perform set
operations

30 .AIM: The function make Dictionary takes 2 list as arguments that is a
name list (string type) and score list (integer type) using which a
dictionary is created with key as name and value as score and perform the
following operations
i. Print the score of Lisa
ii. Change score of Rahul to 34
iii. Ken dropped the course so remove his details
iv. Calculate the average of scores from the dictionary
v. Print students with their score in alphabetic order '

31.AIM: Create a class Student with student_name, rollno, mark(as list).use
functions calculate_avg() for calculation of average and display() for
displaying the all details of students.use init()method.

32 . AIM: Create a classGrandparent with properties gname and gage,function
GrangparentDetails() inherited to a class Parent with properties pname and
page,function ParentDetails() inherited to a class Child with properties
cname nd cage,function ChildDetails().Create an object for Child display
all details of family members.

33.AIM: Create a class Personal with properties name,rollno,age with
function displaypersonal() and a class Academic with properties
attendance and total marks with function displayacademic() and inherit
these two classes to another class student with property grade and function
calculateGrade() that calculate and display the grade.Using object of
student display all details related to student.

34.AIM: Create a class Circle to implement operator overloading of
addition,multiplication,not equal to and equal to.

35.AIM: Create a program that display an exception for TypeError and
IndexError using multiple except statement

36.AIM: Create a user defined exception to raise an exception if a mark
entered by the user is less than zero or greater than 100.

37. AIM: Create a file named test.txt with the content
Hello Programmer, Welcome to python tutorial
And perform the following operations
a) Read file content line by line
b) Read five characters from the file
c) Write a new line “ Have a great learning experience”

38.AIM: Create a database student and perform the basic database
operations
a)creation
b)insertion
c)selection
d)updation
e)deletion
using sqlite3

PROGRAM NO: 39
AIM: Static page creation


PROGRAM NO: 40
AIM: Dynamic page creation



Program NO:41
AIM:Write a Pandas program to create and display a DataFrame from

PROGRAM NO:42
AIM:Using numpy do the following operations
a) Create a 2-D array with the following elements


PROGRAM NO:43
AIM: Using matplotlib visualize the data

